README.md, before:

# Sandwich Club Project Starter Code

## Project Overview
In this project, you will complete the **Sandwich Club** app to
show the details of each sandwich once it is selected.

## Why this Project

Building a layout and populating its fields from data received as JSON
is a common task for Android Developers. Although JSON parsing is usually
done using libraries, writing the JSON parsing for  this project will
help you to better understand how it is processed.

## What Will I Learn?
Through this project, you will:
- Learn how to submit projects for review
- Practice JSON parsing to a model object
- Design an activity layout
- Populate all fields in the layout accordingly

## How Do I Complete this Project?
Download the [Sandwich Club app starter code.](https://github.com/udacity/sandwich-club-starter-code)

Design the layout for the detail activity so the different elements
display in a sensible way. Implement the JSON parsing in JsonUtils so it
produces a Sandwich Object that can be used to populate the UI that you designed.

Commit message:

describe project completed
A better explanation of the repository and what I did.

README.md, after:

# Sandwich Club Project Starter Code

## Project Overview
In this project, I completed an app called the **Sandwich Club** which shows the details of each sandwich once it is selected. The purpose was to practice parsing information (JSON) and displaying this to the user in a basic interface set up in a tight time scheldule. 

## Why this Project

Building a layout and populating its fields from data received as JSON
is a common task for Android Developers. Although JSON parsing is usually
done using libraries (such as GSON), writing the JSON parsing for this project
helped me better understand how it is processed.

## What I Learned?
Through this project, I:
- Learned how to submit projects to supervisors for review
- Practiced JSON parsing to a model object
- Designed an activity layout
- Populated all fields in the layout accordingly/appropriately.

## Starter Code:

You can see the starting code I was given by downloading the [Sandwich Club app starter code.](https://github.com/udacity/sandwich-club-starter-code)
